[Music]
it's been an hour and not one of my
classmates has shown up I tell you when
I actually died some people are gonna
get seriously haunted
there you go someone came okay
okay I'm gonna go hide oh this is so
exciting my first mourner hi glad you
could come please come in hi you're
Chandler Bing right I'm Tom Gordon I was
in your class oh yes
yes let me take your coat Thanks I'm so
sorry about Ross it's now at least he
died doing what he loved watching blimps
who is it
some guy Tom Gordon I remember him
but then again I touched so many lives
so did you know Ross well Oh actually I
barely knew him yeah I came because I
heard Chandler's news you know if he's
seeing anyone
yes he is me what yeah
oh okay can I ask you a personal
question how do you shave your beard so
close that's enough mourning for you
here we go
hey listen call me King I'm dead and no
one cares I look like a man please one
ridiculous problem at a time
this is ridiculous look around no one's
here
you gave them one day's notice not
everyone in our class checks the web
site every day and Monica it's probably
the way you stand still somebody must
have seen it I mean I went to that
school for four years and I didn't have
an impact on anyone well that's not true
you had an impact on me I mean it's 15
years later and we're still best friends
doesn't that count for something
hmm oh great more party boys for
Chandler
I'm sure it's somebody for you now go hi
hi I'm here for Ross Geller's memorial
service Corey Corey Weston yeah you look
amazing and you are Chandler Chandler
Bing and I'm not gay I'm not gay at all
you are married Oh
don't listen to him he's in a really bad
mood I can't believe that Ross is gone
it is just so sad I didn't know Ross and
you were so close oh we weren't but we
had one class together he was such a
great guy
and he talks so passionately about
science I always remembered him I'm sure
that would mean a lot to him and if
Heaven has a door
I'm sure he's pressing his ear up
against it and listening intently I
thought so many times about calling him
and asking him out I guess I really
missed my chance
oh yeah I know this is a big surprise
for you it's a long story but the things
you just said really made my day I mean
the fact that you are here means more to
me then if this room were filled with
people you sick freak who does that I
can't believe I had a crush on you did
you hear that
kori Weston had a crush on me
[Music]
no I am not dead I know it's not
something to kid about it was just a
practical joke between Chandler and me
but it's over okay actually no even if I
had died you would not be left childless
Monica